2018-11-19 Monday

Dream Journal:
	Andy Zou drives me through night road.  Around the springfield Cardozo area (I believe it was). It almost feels like a maze, he keeps making a left turn then a right, then a left, and so on.  We are scared so we drive fast and try to escape the scary parts(I'm not sure what we are running away from).  When we do, the car flips over due to the high speed of the car.  He claims that the car is a fired cab driver's taxi, so that we have nothing to worry about.  I think he leaves without me? And im left alone at the scary school area.  I climb the window covers and get all the way up.  I'm looking into the nurses room at the top of the school. I get in and I steal one of teachers car keys and run back down.  He chases me, but I drive away with his car.  My sister aso plays a role... (At this point, I completely forget what she was doing it my dream).

	I look at my phone and open Sweetgreen app.  Apparently Sweetgreen has a matchmaking system where if they like same candles or something it's a match.  It'a a whole ordeal.  In my dream I saw a whole advertisement and the match system working and whatnot.

I was in such a rush this morning since I woke up a bit later than usual, and I was trying to catch the train.  My mom wanted to borrow money, but we couldn't find my money envelope.  I was getting a bit frustrated since I was in a rush, but I tried my best not to come off aggressive to my mom.  In the end she found it in a garbage bag that I tried to clean out last night.  Thank god for that.  But the encounter was a lot brighter than what it could've been because I contiously made the effort to suppress my frustration.

The whole day was very chill.  I had so much free time that I decided to go upstairs to read Animal Farm.  As I read the book, I'm realising that Socialism cannot succeed due to people's greed and malevolence.  I also find it very funny that whatever Napoleon decides to do or say, Squeler spreads false rumor to make people stop questioning.  It's also very funny how Boxer questions that Snowball fought courageously at the battle of Cowshed, and he questions what Napoleon has said, but as soon as Squeler says that it's what Napoleon had claimed to be the truth, his opinion just changes.  It really shows me the dangers of group-think, and trivalism.  I want to live wiht my own opinion and my own beliefs.  I want to know more so that I would be able to make more intelligent decision for myself.

Today pretty much went by super quickly.  

Sally said that she's going to go to Korea in the summer of 2019, because of what her friends have told her, and because they planned a trip to Jeju.  Then she said that she "would be down" to go to a trip with me before summer, when I thought we've talked about a trip to Korea in February.  So I got a little upset.  I was upset, but I was contemplating whether I should tell her or not.  I don't know why I even hesitated, but I did, and she was very receptive of what I had to say and we were able to get over a little mishap in couple of minutes.  I am so happy that I'm making the conscious effort to not let things that bother me under the rug, and that Sally is someone that's willing to listen to what I have to say, and really pay attention.  She then came to see me at my Bootcamp building, even though I was on my way home/dinner with my friends I was very happy to see her.  I was also a bit worried that she wouldn't be too happy with that because there was a girl in the group, even though I have no any sort of feeling towards her.  I also felt a little bad since I was in a rush, even though she came all the way to me to just to say hi, and try to fully resolve a mishap in person.  She's such a great person.  I'm really glad that I took time to reflect on today, because if I didn't I have a feeling that I might not have appreciated what she has done today as much as I do right now.  I love you so much!!  너무너무 사랑해 서령아!!

My friends and I went to a skewer place in Flushing, and had a great meal.  When we were done, and Andy was calling an Uber, I just felt inclined to wait for the Uber with him, since no one likes to wait by themselves.  Especially in the cold night.  I also feel like he has something going on, and he even said that he had mental health issue going on.  I'll be cautious as I've learned, though I'll be there for him as a friend.  

I also found out that Lois studied poly-sci and is a Republican, haha.  A Korean girl that's a republican. Very interesting.  I would love to hear more about what she has to say in terms of politics.

That's pretty much it for today.  I like being honest with myself.  I really do get to appreciate things that I let slip a lot more.  Thanks.  Goodnight.
